Different hash for different observable return types (#1719)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Bug fixes</h3>

> * Fix a bug where the cache devices would return same value for different observables return types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix a bug where the devices cache the same result for different observables return types.
```
